Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: 
No.
Alexnet classified the images as an incorrect breed, and was the same for both images
VGG classified the images as an incorrect breed, and was different for both images
Resnet classified the images as an incorrect breed, and was different for both images, but the two breeds were more similar than those in the VGG results.
From this perspective, Alexnet was most accurate, VGG was least accurate

2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: 
No. 
VGG was least accurate, classifying both images incorrectly and as different breeds.
Alexnet classified both images as the same breed, though it was incorrect.
Resnet classified both images as similar breeds, though still incorrect.


3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: 
All architectures correctly classified the animal correctly as a macaque, not as any type of dog.
All architectures correctly classified the objects as not being a dog, however the final classifier was incorrect for all three architectures (envelope, screen, television, instead of TABLE) - perhaps due to the image provided.


4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer:
With the images provided, Alexnet provided the best results.
For the dog images, it was the only architecture to produce the same result for both images.
For the animal image, all architectures had the same result.
For the object image, all architectures had different and incorrect classifications. Because of this, more examples would be needed for this classification to impact the answer to this question.
